Superdense coding kata finish (#1479)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/superdense_coding/bob_decodes_message/solution.md

Recall that Alice encoded qubits as follows:

- `(0, 0)`: $\ket{\Phi^{+}} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} (\ket{00} + \ket{11})$
- `(0, 1)`: $\ket{\Psi^{+}} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} (\ket{01} + \ket{10})$
- `(1, 0)`: $\ket{\Phi^{-}} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} (\ket{00} - \ket{11})$
- `(1, 1)`: $\ket{\Psi^{-}} = \frac{1}{\sqrt{2}} (\ket{01} - \ket{10})$

> To get our state back, we can undo the entanglement by applying $CNOT$ and $H$ gate.
> Notice that it's important to keep the order right. The qubits that are subject to the Hadamard transform and the $CNOT$ gate in the preparation of the pair have to match the operations below, or the order of the data bits will get flipped.
> 
> Notice that [`Adjoint`](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/user-guide/language/expressions/functorapplication#adjoint-functor) functor in Q# does exactly that.

Reviewer: This is confusing to me - we're looking to get a message rather than a state, and it's unclear Adjoint of what operation we're discussing. I'd rephrase as something like this:

```suggestion
To read out the encoded message, Bob needs to figure out which of the four Bell states he has. We can map the Bell states to basis states by applying a $CNOT$ gate with the first qubit as control and the second qubit as target, followed by an $H$ gate on the first qubit. (Notice that this is exactly what [`Adjoint`](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/user-guide/language/expressions/functorapplication#adjoint-functor) of the state preparation operation in the first task does.)
```
